[DOCS] 8.5.1 Release notes (#2679)
elastic/security-docs: docs/release-notes/8.5.asciidoc

[[release-notes-header-8.5.0]]
== 8.5

[discrete]
[[release-notes-8.5.1]]
=== 8.5.1

[discrete]
[[bug-fixes-8.5.1]]
==== Bug fixes and enhancements
* Fixes a bug that caused {elastic-endpoint}s (version 8.5.0) running on Linux systems with many CPUs to sometimes become unhealthy https://github.com/elastic/endpoint/issues/34[#34].
* Fixes bug that caused incorrect alerts to display in Timeline when investigating alerts from the Detection & Response dashboard ({pull}144319[#144319]).
* Updates the User authentication area chart so it can be opened in Lens ({pull}144011[#144011]).

> * Fixes the {jira} connector icon for users with a basic license ({pull}143916[#143916]).

Reviewer: I think we typically capitalize license names?
```suggestion
* Fixes the {jira} connector icon for users with a Basic license ({pull}143916[#143916]).
```

> * Displays the {jira} connector icon for users with a basic license ({pull}143916[#143916]).

Reviewer 2: The fix looks like this but in fact it replaces the icon since the previous one didn't handle greying out properly which happens under a basic license. It's fine to leave the message as is.

Author: Using the following as discussed in Slack:

```suggestion
* Fixes the {jira} connector icon for users with a basic license ({pull}143916[#143916]).
```

* Updates the link in the machine learning rule type card to direct users towards the Elastic licensing page ({pull}143836[#143836]).

> * Turns off the option to edit machine learning rules if users have a basic license ({pull}143260[#143260]).

Reviewer 2: Basically the fix also spans for all users without ML permissions. By default users under a basic license don't have ML permissions. I'd write it down like this

* Turns off the option to edit machine learning rules if users don't have ML permissions

> * Turns off the option to edit machine learning rules if users don’t have have the Machine Learning privilege in Kibana set to `All` ({pull}143260[#143260]).

Author: ```suggestion
* Turns off the option to edit machine learning rules if users don’t have the Machine Learning privilege in Kibana set to `All` ({pull}143260[#143260]).
```

> * Turns off the enable or disable machine learning rules if users have a basic license ({pull}143252[#143252]).

Reviewer 2: Basically the fix spans for all users without ML permissions. By default users under a basic license don't have ML permissions. I'd write it down like this

`* Puts the enable/disable rule's toggle to readonly state if users don't have ML permissions`

> * Turns off the option to edit machine learning rules if users don’t have have the appropriate Machine Learning privileges ({pull}143260[#143260]).
> * Removes the ability from the UI to enable and disable machine learning rules if users don’t have the appropriate Machine Learning permissions({pull}143252[#143252]).

Reviewer: If this is referring to the specific Kibana privilege labeled "Machine Learning," then maybe capitalize but in that case it should also probably be something like "if users don't have the Machine Learning privilege in Kibana." But it sounds like this might be intended as a more general catch-all, so that's how I edited it (also added a missing space):
```suggestion
* Turns off the option to edit machine learning rules if users don’t have have the appropriate machine learning privileges ({pull}143260[#143260]).
* Removes the ability from the UI to enable and disable machine learning rules if users don’t have the appropriate machine learning privileges ({pull}143252[#143252]).
```

Author: @maximpn just want to verify one more time that these are accurate:

```suggestion
* Turns off the option to edit machine learning rules if users don’t have have Machine Learning privileges in Kibana set to `All` ({pull}143260[#143260]).
* Removes the ability from the UI to enable and disable machine learning rules if users don’t have have Machine Learning privileges in Kibana set to `All` ({pull}143252[#143252]).
```

Reviewer 2: @nastasha-solomon  LGTM

> * Removes the ability from the UI to enable and disable machine learning rules if users don’t have have the Machine Learning privilege in Kibana set to `All` ({pull}143252[#143252]).

Author: ```suggestion
* Removes the ability from the UI to enable and disable machine learning rules if users don’t have the Machine Learning privilege in Kibana set to `All` ({pull}143252[#143252]).
```

[[release-notes-header-8.5.0]]
== 8.5

[discrete]
[[release-notes-8.5.1]]
=== 8.5.1

[discrete]
[[bug-fixes-8.5.1]]
==== Bug fixes and enhancements

> * Fixes a bug that caused {elastic-endpoint}s (version 8.5.0) running on Linux systems with many CPUs to sometimes become unhealthy https://github.com/elastic/endpoint/issues/34[#34].

Author: ```suggestion
* Fixes a bug that caused {elastic-endpoint}s (version 8.5.0) running on Linux systems with many CPUs to sometimes become unhealthy (https://github.com/elastic/endpoint/issues/34[#34]).
```

Author: Note to self to confirm next week that this has been fixed.

Reviewer: In addition to adding the parentheses around the issue #, we could probably omit the version #. We don't usually mention the version # where a bug was introduced, just that it's been fixed.
```suggestion
* Fixes a bug that caused {elastic-endpoint}s running on Linux systems with many CPUs to sometimes become unhealthy (https://github.com/elastic/endpoint/issues/34[#34]).
```

> * Fixes bug that caused incorrect alerts to display in Timeline when investigating alerts from the Detection & Response dashboard ({pull}144319[#144319]).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Fixes a bug that caused incorrect alerts to display in Timeline when investigating alerts from the Detection & Response dashboard ({pull}144319[#144319]).
```

> * Fixes bug that caused incorrect alerts to display in Timeline when investigating alerts from the Detection & Responses dashboard ({pull}144319[#144319]).

Author: ```suggestion
* Fixes bug that caused incorrect alerts to display in Timeline when investigating alerts from the Detection & Response dashboard ({pull}144319[#144319]).
```

> * Fixes an issue with a missing data view when viewing results in Discover or Lens in non-default Kibana space({pull}144210[#144210]).

Author: ```suggestion

```

Author: Doc'd in kibana 8.5.1 release notes

* Fixes the {jira} connector icon for users with a Basic license ({pull}143916[#143916]).
* Updates the link in the machine learning rule type card to direct users towards the Elastic licensing page ({pull}143836[#143836]).
* Turns off the option to edit machine learning rules if users don’t have the Machine Learning privilege in Kibana set to `All` ({pull}143260[#143260]).

> * Removes the ability from the UI to enable and disable machine learning rules if users don’t have the Machine Learning privilege in Kibana set to `All` ({pull}143252[#143252]).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Removes the ability to enable and disable machine learning rules from the UI for users without the Machine Learning privilege in Kibana set to `All` ({pull}143252[#143252]).
```

> * Fixes bug that caused the Indicators page to crash ({pull}144348[#144348], {pull}144651[#144144651348]).

Reviewer: Typo in the second PR # -- not 100% certain how to fix, but probably this (?):
```suggestion
* Fixes bug that caused the Indicators page to crash ({pull}144348[#144348], {pull}144651[#144651]).
```
